Cleanup dev-guide and add code conventions (#4375)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: docs/Developers-Guide.md

### Branches and Branch Protection

As of August 2022, we work on OTP 2.x and are using a Git branching model derived from 
[Gitflow](https://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/). All development will occur

> on the `dev-2.x` branch. Only release commits setting the Maven artifact version toa non-snapshot 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on the `dev-2.x` branch. Only release commits setting the Maven artifact version to a non-snapshot
```

The OTP code style is described on a separate [style guide page](Codestyle.md).

## Code conventions and architecture

The [architecture](https://github.com/opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner/blob/dev-2.x/ARCHITECTURE.md) 

> and [code conventions](https://github.com/opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner/blob/dev-2.x/CODE_CONVETIONS.md) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and [code conventions](https://github.com/opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner/blob/dev-2.x/CODE_CONVENTIONS.md)
```
